1. Check out the code reviewer guidelines for software engineers at Yelp and Microsoft (Visual Studio Mobile team). 
What concepts are similar between the companies (List at least two)? What are some key differences (List at least two)?
In general, what items should be present in a code review checklist for a development team?

Similar concepts:
a. They both think code reviewer is just give a feedback or discussion instead of an order. Code owner
and reviewer should respect each other. For example, the reviewer's feedback should be actionable
and concrete, not overly opinionated and theoretical, and along with the feedback could add more emoji so that
code onwer might feel better and feel more relax. And the owener should understand every piece of feedback from the
reviewer and respond to each actionable piece. 
b.review feedback is better to be small chunks. This keeps logic clear and accurate, and it is also for code onwer
to read and get the point where he/she needs to imporve.
c. owner should provide comments on code for reveiwer's easier understand.

Key Differences:
a. The software engineers on microsoft did not mention the code safety, but the software enginners on Yelp did
say make sure the code is safe to uploading before doing that.
b. The software enginners on Yelp thinks code reviewer has the same responsibility as the code woner,responsible for making sure that the code is correct,
well-architected, secure, and maintainable.  The software enginners on microsoft did not mention that.

In general, those items should be present in a code review checklist:
a. Identify a primary reviewer
b. Owner and Reviewer should respect to each other
c. Style check on the code
d. In-line comments
e. Short chunk feedback
f. Testing on the code



2. Find an example of a "good" code review. Provide a link to the review and explain why you found the review beneficial.

https://codereview.stackexchange.com/a/291442

This one I find out is pretty good. This reviewer has a clear head for each of the owner's questions, 
and there are many bullet points under each heading to detail what can be changed, and explain why these changes need to be made.
It also explains some differences that may exist between different language types that cause these problems for owners.
And these changes are all changes in details, there are no major changes in the main code, and the feedback of this play is all actionable, 
not just empty talk that this can be changed, that can be changed, but no actual solution. 


3. Find an example of a "bad" code review. Provide a link to the review and briefly explain why you found the review not beneficial. 
In addition, include recommendations for improvement to the review feedback.

https://codereview.stackexchange.com/a/291381

I don’t think this feedback is useful. First of all, there are too many words and too dense. 
It will make people look intimidated and not want to read it at first glance, because it is all text. 
Then there is no actual actionable feedback in the entire article. 
It just finds out the owner's problem but does not tell him how to actually solve it. 
I think the reviewer can put an obvious title in front of each question to distinguish each area, so that visually speaking, 
people who read the feedback will not have so much pressure, and they will only feel that each block only has a small paragraph of text. 
Then add some practical feedback, not just pointing out his mistakes, but also giving him some feasible solutions.
